The four most beautiful words in our common language: "I told you so."
If sex is a pain in the ass, then you're doing it wrong ...
Why men's voice is louder than women? Men have an antenna.
Did you hear about the depressed plumber? He's been going through some shit.
What did the elephant say to the naked man? "How do you breathe through that tiny thing?"
Life is like toilet paper, you're either on a roll or taking shit from some asshole.
What's worse than waking up at a party and finding a penis drawn on your face? Finding out it was traced.
I'm emotionally constipated. I haven't given a shit in days.
One day, a little boy wrote to Santa Clause, "Please send me a sister." Santa Clause wrote him back, "Ok, send me your mother."
I don't think it's possible for me to become a sniper. Not by a long shot.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
I asked my wife why she never blinked during foreplay. She said she didn't have time.
The nurse at the sperm bank asked me if I'd like to masturbate in the cup. I said, "Well, I'm pretty good, but I don't think I'm ready to compete just yet."
Erotic is using a feather, kinky is using the whole chicken...
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
You have the perfect face for radio.
What is the difference between "ooooooh"and "aaaaaaah"? About three inches
What's the definition of a surprise? A fart with a lump in it.
What's the difference between a G-Spot and a golf ball? A guy will actually search for a golf ball
My girlfriend tried to make me have sex on the hood of her Honda Civic. I refused. If I'm going to have sex, it's going to be on my own Accord.
Owls always look like they just saw a penis for the first time.
Three words to ruin a man's ego...? "Is it in?"
Masturbation always leads to sex. It's a gateway tug.
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one.
How many times do I have to flush before you go away?
When I die, I hope I have enough time to point at a complete stranger and whisper "You did this."
How does a man take a bubble bath? He eats beans for dinner.
Did you know that if you hold your ear up to a strangers leg you can actually hear them say "what the fuck are you doing?
The Invisible Man can fart and pretend that he is not to blame.
You know, it's not the length of the vector that counts... it's how you apply the force.
When you choke a smurf, what color does it turn?
Let's both be naughty this year and save Santa the trip.
69% of people find something dirty in every sentence.
