That had to hurt
You should do that less
RIP
Oops
Be careful
Oooof
Woah, boned
My heart goes out to you in your time of sorrow
I’m sorry for your loss, with time and courage you will sail through these rough waters
I can not possibly imagine what you feel right now, let me know if there is anything I can do to ease your pain at this difficult period
Have a nice death
To end... like *this*?
Humph...You're going down with the ship, boy. My father designed this battleship. Think of it as a nice roomy coffin. I'm sure it'll keep you warm on your way to hell! Ha ha ha...Ha ha ha ha ha!
Life is long when you live it, oh but so short when you look back...Farewell...
Go and leave me to oblivion at last... sweet sleep...
Leeeeeeeeeeeeeroy!
Not even the carrion eaters are interested in your irradiated corpse...
You fought valiantly, but to no avail. Your twisted and ruined body goes down ... and thus ends your life
Rest in peace, Chosen One
You're dead as a doornail
Time to reload
Here's a picture of your corpse. Not pretty
Boy, are you stupid. And dead
Ha ha ha ha ha. You're dead!
Nom nom nom says the creature feasting on your body
Couldn't charm your way out of that one
Poison..! … TREACHERY!!!
Roses are...also beautiful when they scatter
No, no, no... I can't die like this... not when I am so close... and not at the hands... of a FILTHY BANDIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Don't grieve over me. You did the right thing
I shall sleep... and dream about destruction
You want me? Fuckin' take me! TAAAAKE MEEEE!
To die, to sleep - To sleep, perchance to dream - ay, there's the rub, For in this sleep of death what dreams may come...
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome
Do not go gentle into that good night, Old age should burn and rave at close of day; Rage, rage against the dying of the light
It is best as one grows older to strip oneself of possessions, to shed oneself downward like a tree, to be almost wholly earth before one dies
Carve your name on hearts, not tombstones. A legacy is etched into the minds of others and the stories they share about you
It doesn't make a damned bit of difference who wins the war to someone who's dead
Death is nothing at all. It does not count. I have only slipped away into the next room. Nothing has happened. Everything remains exactly as it was. I am I, and you are you, and the old life that we lived so fondly together is untouched, unchanged
Death never comes at the right time, despite what mortals believe. Death always comes like a thief
Death was a friend, and sleep was Death's brother
Of all the ways to lose a person, death is the kindest
Life is a dream from which we all must wake before we can dream again
I don't want my life to be defined by what is etched on a tombstone. I want it to be defined by what is etched in the lives and hearts of those I've touched
And at the instant he knew, he ceased to know
Life is stressful, dear. That's why they say "rest in peace.”
This was how the world ended. Not with a bang, but with a whimper
Since the dawn of existence, you mortals have feared dying, feared the unknown and the pain of it, and yet, pain is a part of life, not death. And I—I am the first moment after pain ceases
People are fragile. They die of mistakes, of overdoses, of sickness. But mostly they die of Death
Looks like you just punched your last ticket, amigo
He got rather carried away
Smashing
Shocking, positively Shocking
Oooh! That's gotta hurt!
AND THE COUNT IS DOWN! OOH, THAT WILL DEFIANTLY LOOK HORRIBLE IN THE MORNING!
Oh! I don't care what universe you're from, that's gotta hurt!
You got served!
Did that hurt? It looked real painful
You're gonna be sore in the morning
Wow! I can tell you straight, that hurts
Do it again! I wasn't looking!
That's gonna leave a mark
THE NATIONAL CAMEL'S UNION IS NOT ATTENDING YOUR FUNERAL!!!
Oh no not again
Your evil power can't beat me!
Do you want your possessions identified?
You must carry on
What's going on?! Respond! RESPOOOND-
Hasta la vista, baby
Now you die-die-die-die-die! Ah ha ha ha!
Crash and burn!
If only the darkness into which we must look were composed of the black light of their limber intelligence. If only we did not have to die at all. Instead, become ravens
What is it that dies? A log of wood dies to become a few planks. The planks die to become a chair. The chair dies to become a piece of firewood, and the firewood dies to become ash
Dead, your Majesty. Dead, my lords and gentlemen. Dead, Right Reverends and Wrong Reverends of every order
If you can't imagine it, think clumsy silence. Think bits and pieces of floating despair. And drowning in a train
We are the dead. Our only true life is in the future. We shall take part in it as handfuls of dust and splinters of bone. But how far away that future may be, there is no knowing
Death is a bored clerk, with too many orders to fill. There is no reckoning. No profound moment. It creeps up on us from behind, and snatches us away while we shit
Many African societies divide humans into three categories: those still alive on the earth, the sasha, and the zamani. The recently departed whose time on earth overlapped with people still here are the sasha, the living-dead
For everything in life there is always a beginning and an end. This is the tough part the most difficult thing when you see that it’s coming: The end
We are all dying one by one. We all smell of mortality, and we can't wash it off
It is a curious thing, the death of a loved one. We all know that our time in this world is limited, and that eventually all of us will end up underneath some sheet, never to wake up. And yet it is always a surprise when it happens to someone we know
It kills me sometimes, how people die
You go to seek a Great Perhaps
“I meant," said Ipslore bitterly, "what is there in this world that truly makes living worthwhile?" Death thought about it. CATS, he said eventually. CATS ARE NICE.”
DON'T THINK OF IT AS DYING,JUST THINK OF IT AS LEAVING EARLY TO AVOID THE RUSH
It is nothing to die. It is frightful not to live
A girl calls and asks, "Does it hurt very much to die?" "Well, sweetheart," I tell her, "yes, but it hurts a lot more to keep living."
Each Sleep, those little slices of death — how I loathe them
Death is Peaceful, Life is Harder
Death is not the opposite of life, but a part of it
A man with outward courage dares to die; a man with inner courage dares to live
Every man's life ends the same way. It is only the details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from another
The meaning of life is that it stops
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live
Here lies Dobby, a free elf
It's better to burn out than to fade away
No one can say that death found in me a willing comrade, or that I went easily
Though lovers be lost, love shall not; And death shall have no dominion
But death was her curse and her gift, and death had been her good friend these long, long years
Death must be so beautiful. To lie in the soft brown earth, with the grasses waving above one’s head, and listen to silence. To have no yesterday, and no tomorrow. To forget time, to forgive life, to be at peace
