Did you hear about the crook who stole a calendar? He got twelve months.
Did you hear about the semi-colon that broke the law? He was given two consecutive sentences.
Never criticize someone until you’ve walked a mile in their shoes. That way, when you criticize them, they won’t be able to hear you from that far away. Plus, you’ll have their shoes.
The world tongue-twister champion just got arrested. I hear they’re gonna give him a really tough sentence.
So what if I don’t know what “Armageddon” means? It’s not the end of the world.
What’s the difference between a good joke and a bad joke timing
Correct punctuation: the difference between a sentence that’s well-written and a sentence that’s, well, written
I woke up this morning and forgot which side the sun rises from, then it dawned on me.
I’ve just written a song about tortillas; actually, it’s more of a rap.
Velcro – what a rip-off!
I recently decided to sell my vacuum cleaner as all it was doing was gathering dust.
Don’t you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do.
250 lbs here on Earth is 94.5 lbs on Mercury. No, I’m not fat. I’m just not on the right planet.
The best thing about good old days is that we were neither good nor old.
I have clean conscience. I haven’t used it once till now.
Meanwhile in a parallel universe: “Oh for God’s sake! Where are all these extra single socks coming from?!"
A lot of people cry when they cut onions. The trick is not to form an emotional bond.
The four most beautiful words in our common language: "I told you so."
If sex is a pain in the ass, then you're doing it wrong ...
Why men's voice is louder than women? Men have an antenna.
Did you hear about the depressed plumber? He's been going through some shit.
What did the elephant say to the naked man? "How do you breathe through that tiny thing?"
Life is like toilet paper, you're either on a roll or taking shit from some asshole.
What's worse than waking up at a party and finding a penis drawn on your face? Finding out it was traced.
I'm emotionally constipated. I haven't given a shit in days.
One day, a little boy wrote to Santa Clause, "Please send me a sister." Santa Clause wrote him back, "Ok, send me your mother."
I don't think it's possible for me to become a sniper. Not by a long shot.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
I asked my wife why she never blinked during foreplay. She said she didn't have time.
The nurse at the sperm bank asked me if I'd like to masturbate in the cup. I said, "Well, I'm pretty good, but I don't think I'm ready to compete just yet."
Erotic is using a feather, kinky is using the whole chicken...
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
You have the perfect face for radio.
Isn't it scary that doctors call what they do "practice"?
What is the difference between "ooooooh"and "aaaaaaah"? About three inches
What's the definition of a surprise? A fart with a lump in it.
What's the difference between a G-Spot and a golf ball? A guy will actually search for a golf ball
My girlfriend tried to make me have sex on the hood of her Honda Civic. I refused. If I'm going to have sex, it's going to be on my own Accord.
Owls always look like they just saw a penis for the first time.
Three words to ruin a man's ego...? "Is it in?"
Masturbation always leads to sex. It's a gateway tug.
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one.
How many times do I have to flush before you go away?
When I die, I hope I have enough time to point at a complete stranger and whisper "You did this."
How does a man take a bubble bath? He eats beans for dinner.
Did you know that if you hold your ear up to a strangers leg you can actually hear them say "what the fuck are you doing?
The Invisible Man can fart and pretend that he is not to blame.
Hear about the creeper that went to a party? He had a BLAST!
What musical instrument to skeletons play? Trom-BONE!
Why didn't the skeleton go to the prom? He had no body to dance with!
What do they teach in witch school? Spelling!
What did Steve say when he was angry at a skeleton? I’ve got a bone to pick with you!
What do skeletons order at the village restaurant? Spare ribs.
What did the zombie say to the villager? Nice to eat you.
What is a creeper's favorite food? Ssssssssalad.
Why can’t the Ender Dragon ever understand a book? Because it always starts at the end.
Did you hear about the Minecraft movie? It's a blockbuster!
Why did the mushroom make such a good roommate? Because it's a fungi!
What do you call a witch with poison ivy? An itchy witchy.
How does Steve measure his shoe size? In square feet.
What did the chicken say to the sheep? Nice to meet ewe.
How did Steve make the skeleton laugh? He tickled its funny bone.
What did the ocean say to the chicken? Nothing, it just waved.
Why didn't the skeleton like to fly? He had no guts.
What did the sheep say after trying to eat a cactus? Accidents wool happen.
What did the skeleton say to the hungry wolf? Bone Appetit.
What is a creeper's favorite subject? HissssSSSSStory.
My friend gave me an enderman toy; I can't look at it.
How did Steve feel when he spent hours mining only to find nothing but coal? Shafted.
Why did the belt get arrested? Because it held up a pair of pants!
You know, it's not the length of the vector that counts... it's how you apply the force.
When you choke a smurf, what color does it turn?
Let's both be naughty this year and save Santa the trip.
Just turned wine into barf. Your move, Jesus.
The Titanic was built to last, let that sink in.
Drinking too much coffee can cause a latte problems.
69% of people find something dirty in every sentence.
The dinner I was cooking for my family was going to be a surprise but the fire trucks ruined it.
Did you know that dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of captivity, they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?
I bought a dictionary and when I got home I realized all the pages were blank; I have no words for how angry I am.
I hope when I inevitably choke to death on gummy bears people just say I was killed by bears and leave it at that.
I hate when I'm running on the treadmill for half an hour and look down to see it's been 4 minutes.
I named my dog 6 miles so I can tell people that I walk 6 miles every single day.
A healthy sleep not only makes your life longer, but also shortens the workday.
Spoiler alert! The milk has been in the fridge for three weeks.
Don't trust atoms, they make up everything.
How is it that I always seem to buy the plants without the will to live?
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Feeling pretty proud of myself. The Sesame Street puzzle I bought said 3-5 years, but I finished it in 18 months.
So apparently RSVP'ing back to a wedding invite 'maybe next time' isn't the correct response.
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it's perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants, but he's still making fun of me.
Is your name Wi-Fi? Because I'm feeling a connection.
I was reading a book on helium. I couldn’t put it down.
A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a beer. The bartender replies, “For you, no charge.”
A dung beetle walks into a bar and says, “Excuse me, is this stool taken?”
What was the name of the first Electricity Detective? Sherlock Ohms!
One tectonic plate bumped into another and said, “Sorry, my fault.”
Dogs can't operate MRI scanners, but catscan.
Mountains aren't just funny; they're hill areas.
Turning vegan would be a big missed steak.
Well, to be Frank, I'd have to change my name.
Forget world peace; visualize using your turn signal.
Life is short; if you can't laugh at yourself, call me -- I will.
Electricians have to strip to make ends meet.
For chemists, alcohol is not a problem; it's a solution.
My mood ring is missing and I don't know how I feel about that.
Despite the high cost of living, it remains popular.
Cow stumbles into a pot field. The steaks have never been higher!
Irony - the opposite of wrinkly.
Tried to grab the fog. I mist.
If you suck at playing the trumpet, that's probably why.
Why should you never talk to pi? Because he’ll just go on forever.
Did you hear about the mathematician who’s afraid of negative numbers? He'll stop at nothing to avoid them.
What do you get when you take a bovine and divide its circumference by its diameter? A cow pi.
A farmer counted 196 cows in the field. But when he rounded them up, he had 200.
Why don’t calculus majors throw house parties? Because you should never drink and derive.
What do you call a number that can’t keep still? A roamin' numeral.
A biologist, a chemist, and a statistician are out hunting. The biologist shoots at a deer and misses five feet to the left. The chemist takes a shot and misses five feet to the right. The statistician yells “We got ’em!”
Parallel lines have so much in common. It's too bad they'll never meet.
What kind of snake does your math teacher own? A pi-thon.
How do you do math in your head? Use imaginary numbers.
If at first you don’t succeed, then skydiving definitely isn’t for you.
Why don't cannibals eat clowns? Because they taste funny!
How easy is it to count in binary? It’s as easy as 01 10 11.
The past, present, and future walked into a bar. It was tense.
What's the difference between a cat and a comma? One has claws at the end of its paws, and the other is a pause at the end of a clause.
“Knock knock.” “Who’s there?” “To.” “To who?” “Actually, it’s to whom.”
Why should you never date an apostrophe? They're too possessive.
What do you call Santa’s little helpers? They're subordinate clauses.
Did you hear the one about the pregnant woman who went into labor and started shouting, “Couldn’t! Wouldn’t! Shouldn’t! Didn’t! Can’t!”? She was having contractions.
Which dinosaur knows the most words? A thesaurus.
Which word becomes shorter after you add two letters to it? Short.
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer, bartender says “sorry, we don’t serve food here.”
Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water? Because he was a little horse.
What do you call a fish without eyes? Fsh.
What do you call an alligator detective? An investi-gator.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
There are two muffins baking in the oven. One muffin says to the other, “Phew, is it getting hot in here or is it just me?” The other muffin says, “AAAAHHH!! A TALKING MUFFIN!”
Why shouldn’t you write with a broken pencil? Because it’s pointless.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over a bay, they would be bagels.
When do computers overheat? When they need to vent.
What kind of music to planets like? Neptunes.
How do you tell if a vampire is sick? By how much he is coffin.
How do you stop a bull from charging? Cancel its credit card.
Why did the mushroom go to the party? Because he was a fungi.
What do sea monsters eat? Fish and ships.
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? Because then, it'd be a foot.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
How did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut.
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? If it had four doors it would be called a chicken sedan.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
Why don’t they play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs.
Have you heard about the corduroy pillow? No? Really? It’s making headlines!
What do you get when you drop a piano down a mine shaft? A flat minor.
What runs but never goes anywhere? A refrigerator.
What do you call shoes made of banana peels? Slippers.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
Did you hear about the man who got hit by the same bike every morning? It was a vicious cycle.
What kind of shoes do burglars wear? Sneakers.
Why don't melons get married? Because they canteloupe.
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
What do lawyers wear to work? Lawsuits.
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.
Einstein developed a theory about space. And, boy, it was about time, too!
A photon checks into a hotel, where a bellhop asks where its suitcase is. The photon replies, “I didn’t bring any luggage. I’m traveling light.”
How many general-relativity theoretists does it take to change a light bulb? Two. One to hold the bulb and the other to rotate space.
Why can’t you take electricity to social outings? Because it doesn't know how to conduct itself.
I have a new theory on inertia, but it doesn’t seem to be gaining momentum.
What did the quantum physicist say before the bar fight? Let me atom!
Did you hear oxygen went on a date with potassium? It went OK.
If you’re not part of the solution, you’re part of the precipitate.
Anyone know any good jokes about sodium? Na.
Two chemists go into a bar. The first one says “I think I’ll have an H2O.” The second one says “I think I’ll have an H2O too." He died.
How often do you like to hear jokes about elements? Periodically.
I have to make these bad chemistry jokes because all the good ones Argon.
You want to hear a potassium joke? K.
Why do birds fly south? Because it's too far to walk.
You would think that taking off a snail's shell would make it move faster, but it actually just makes it more sluggish.
